How Hackers Increase Their Instagram Followers
Sec-n-Hack Sec-N-Hack1 November 2020  Andorid Hacking / Exploiting Tools

Follow Followers Target by Hastag
Follow Followers Target by Location
Follow Followers Target by People – with DM
Follow Followers Target by People – No Like
Follow Followers Target by People – No Comment & Like
Repost Media Target by People
Repost Media Target by Hashtag
Repost Media Target by Link
Comment & Like Followers Target by People
Comment & Like Followers Target by Hashtag
Bom Like Target’s Post
Bom Comment Target’s Post
Unfollow Not Followback
Let’s take a look 🙂 !!
Install Node JS
As we told you that the tool is coded in node JS that’s why we have to install nodejs tool by using the following command.


1.) apt install nodejs

Installation
Now we will download this tool by using 
git command and after that go to the
directory of this tool. After that we
can start this tool with the help of node tool.


1.) git clone https://github.com/masokky/instagram-tools.git

2.) cd instagram-tools/

3.) node index.js

Decrease Followers
We have mentioned an instagram account,
on which we will test this tool. Just you 
need to keep in mind all the details that 
is mentioned on that page.



Now we will select option 17 to unfollow all 
the followers. After that we will enter 
the credentials of our account and wait for 
the results.

BOOM 🙂 !! were surprised when we looked 
at our Instagram page as you can see that 
the number of followers has come down from 
2245 to 2144.

Similarly, you can also see the results of 
success or fail through the terminal.

Increase Followers by Personal DM
After selecting the following option, 
it will only (direct let you send messages) 
request the peoples to return back and follow 
their account by DM and through which attackers 
gain more followers.

After that we need to give account credentials 
which we want to increase followers.

Done 😀 !! As you can clearly see the tool 
has started commenting and DMing on people’s 
posts. This will definitely take some time, 
but we are sure that you followers will grow 
after some time.
